# Amanda College Enquiry Chatbot

The concept of chatbots has not been a new in this technological growing society. Our project acutely deals with an important section of this growing entity, focusing the usage of the chatbots in the field of education, especially higher education. The current model of the project is made to handle the growing student population in the country, helping streamline the process of the admissions across various institutes across India. The model deals on a real time basis with the students clearing the rings of doubts in minds of students over the whole admission procedure. Currently students rely on the knowledge of parents, relatives and acquaintances and obviously the ranking institutes as well questionnaire sites like Quora, to know about any specific institute. It is not practically feasible for the institutes to fix up a real time doubt clearing assistant to assist the admission seekers. This is where our chat bot comes to the aid. It is designed to meticulously help students discover the institutes which they desire to go. The bot works on the real time data provided by the institutes itself to increase reliability and increasing transparency for students. We would like to increase the scope of the project in line with the e-governance(Digital India) drive of the government towards introducing chatbots across the various departments of the government. It can drastically help reduce the red tapes, making services meant for the common people, more accessible to them.

We are trying to implement a Domain Specific Knowledge System working on the area of the personal assistance required during counselling procedure. Another added advantage of the current module would come in the form of lowering of burden on the individual institutes which comes in the form of thousands of calls and emails, which are hard to manage considering the seasonal nature of counselling and no specific staff for it. Thus considering the vast scale of admissions here, the chatbot seems to be a big burden reliever if implemented on a large scale with efficient approach, helping thousands choose the best and most suitable for them.
